# blood-donation-system
finding the donar to the patient who needs blood in the base of web based platform 

Blood donation and transfusion has been an everserious issue and the deficit of blood throughout the world has caused numerous people to lose their life. The lack of a centralized system for blood donation is majorly responsible for those losses. Now in the period of online and digital processes, the conventional styles of collecting blood are absolute. An automated system is needed to manage the centres and to showcase the information to the interested parties. We’ve developed a website that solves all these issues related to blood donation and event.We’ve designed a SQL database as an integral part of the integrated frame to store literal blood donation data in a centralized database for logical processing. The proposed system
would enable people to register as a patron to make themselves available whenever in need of their blood type. We’ve introduced a hunt tab to search available people ready to contribute. In our proposed system in the patron enrolment, health- related details would be streamlined in the blood operation system database for all to see. Blood Bank and Donor Management System is a webgrounded operation. The persons who like to contribute blood register in the Blood Bank operation. The persons in need of
blood hunt for the persons having the same blood group and within the city. However, if he doesn’t find any patron also, he’s given the contact figures and addresses of the Life- Saving
Contact Persons for major metropolises, if he set up a patron in his megacity also, he gets the total details of the patron.It’s crucial to be open and consistent in your crediting, regardless of the kind of credit you’re adding. By doing this, you not only establish credibility with your audience but also demonstrate respect for the authors and contributors. Key words: SQL database, major metropolises, credit, Donor Management System
